docs: added information about choosing advisory database (#2212)
aquasecurity/trivy: docs/docs/vulnerability/detection/data-source.md

# Important

> Trivy **only** receives advisories from the sources listed in the following tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trivy **only** consumes security advisories from the sources listed in the following tables.
```

Also, for packages installed from package managers (`dpkg`, `yum`, `apk` and etc.), Trivy gets advisories from the appropriate **OS database**.

> For example: for a python package installed from `yum` (Amazon linux), Trivy will only get advisories from the `amazon database`. But for a  python package installed from another source (e.g. `pip`), Trivy will get advisories from the `GitLab` and `GitHub` databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example: for a python package installed from `yum` (Amazon linux), Trivy will only get advisories from [ALAS](https://alas.aws.amazon.com/). But for a python package installed from another source (e.g. `pip`), Trivy will get advisories from the `GitLab` and `GitHub` databases.
```

> This is to avoid false positives when the vendor's OS fixes the vulnerability before the package owner fixes it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This advisory selection is essential to avoid getting false positives because OS vendors usually backport upstream fixes, and the fixed version can be different from the upstream fixed version.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The severity is from the selected data source. If the data source does not provide severity, it falls back to NVD, and if NVD does not have severity, it will be UNKNOWN.
```

| --------------------------------|------------|
| National Vulnerability Database | [NVD][nvd] | 

# Data source selection
Trivy **only** consumes security advisories from the sources listed in the following tables.

As for packages installed from OS package managers (`dpkg`, `yum`, `apk`, etc.), Trivy uses the advisory database from the appropriate **OS vendor**.

> For example: for a python package installed from `yum` (Amazon linux), Trivy will only get advisories from [ALAS](https://alas.aws.amazon.com/). But for a python package installed from another source (e.g. `pip`), Trivy will get advisories from the `GitLab` and `GitHub` databases.

Reviewer: sorry, my fault.

```suggestion
For example: for a python package installed from `yum` (Amazon linux), Trivy will only get advisories from [ALAS][amazon2]. But for a python package installed from another source (e.g. `pip`), Trivy will get advisories from the `GitLab` and `GitHub` databases.
```
